README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<h3 align="center">Potplayer Subtitle Translate - DeepL</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Integrate DeepL for real-time translation of PotPlayer subtitles
    <br />
    <a href="#usage">View Demo</a>
    &emsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl/issues">Report Bug</a>
    &emsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

This project is a plugin for PotPlayer that enables subtitle translation via DeepL. It's designed to enhance your viewing experience by providing real-time, accurate translations of subtitles. The plugin leverages the advanced machine learning capabilities of DeepL to deliver high-quality translations, making it easier for users to enjoy media in various languages.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [DeepLX](https://github.com/OwO-Network/DeepLX)

### Installation

1. clone repo to local

```
git clone https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl.git
```

2. Copy file

```
cp potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl/*.{as,ico} your_directory/PotPlayer/Extension/Subtitle/Translate/
```

3. Set the server URL in the subtitles realtime translation configuration on PotPlayer

4. Enjoy it

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

[Potplayer Subtitle Translate DeepL User Guide](https://youtu.be/IyuGmyAgLGA)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'feat: Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Twitter - [@Donald Lee](https://twitter.com/donaldturinglee)

Project Link: [https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl](https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

refactor: migrate from DeepLX to official DeepL API

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<h3 align="center">Potplayer Subtitle Translate - DeepL</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Integrate DeepL for real-time translation of PotPlayer subtitles
    <br />
    <a href="#usage">View Demo</a>
    &emsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl/issues">Report Bug</a>
    &emsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
        <li><a href="#configuration">Configuration</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

This project is a plugin for PotPlayer that enables subtitle translation via DeepL. It's designed to enhance your viewing experience by providing real-time, accurate translations of subtitles. The plugin leverages the advanced machine learning capabilities of DeepL to deliver high-quality translations, making it easier for users to enjoy media in various languages.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before using this plugin, you need to obtain a DeepL API key:

1. **DeepL API Account**
   - Visit [DeepL API](https://www.deepl.com/pro-api) 
   - Sign up for a free or paid account
   - Free tier includes 500,000 characters/month
   - Paid plans start from $6.99/month for higher usage limits

2. **Get Your API Key**
   - Log in to your DeepL account
   - Go to your [Account Settings](https://www.deepl.com/account/summary)
   - Navigate to the "API" tab
   - Copy your **Authentication Key**

3. **Note Your API Endpoint**
   - **Free API**: `https://api-free.deepl.com`
   - **Pro API**: `https://api.deepl.com`

### Installation

1. Clone repo to local

```bash
git clone https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl.git
```

2. Copy files to PotPlayer extension directory

```bash
cp potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl/*.{as,ico} your_directory/PotPlayer/Extension/Subtitle/Translate/
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

[Potplayer Subtitle Translate DeepL User Guide](https://youtu.be/IyuGmyAgLGA)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'feat: Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Twitter - [@Donald Lee](https://twitter.com/donaldturinglee)

Project Link: [https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl](https://github.com/donaldturinglee/potplayer_subtitle_translate_deepl)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
